hey everybody welcome back to the land
plates of binding Madagascar's pluses
the first Isaak episode reported on my
new PC which actually is trying to run
some math I think this is like the fifth
PC I've recorded Isaac on my laptop when
I lived in South Korea and then when I
came back got a new computer when I came
back moved to Vancouver used capes
computer got another computer in 2015
and then this one I nights I'm not
saying it to brag you know I'm chewing
through these at a rate that is not I
mean let me put it this way I hope our
car last longer than the computers do
but they're being used like crazy here
anyway the main draw is that we don't
get slowed down anymore when we get a
Skype message or at least we're going to
test that bya to jbw to and we're just
like very slowly crunching our way
through Isaac achievements here thanks
for the cool thanks for the support on
the basically reboot of this year it's
not really a reboot but you know what I
mean as we work our way through getting
everything unlocked again it's kind of a
symbolic rebirth of the series and how
ironic given that the name of the game
is the same I feel like there's a more
elegant way to phrase that but anyway
yeah I mean it's funny that we have this
new machine that like actually could I'm
not going to say it's like a
supercomputer necessarily but you know
then I play battlegrounds everything I'm
like oh my god there's so much detail in
this game that I never even knew about
it even battlegrounds is not the best
looking game on planet earth but then
I'm like you know what okay let's play
some binding of issac now that's a game
where we can really test the mettle of
this thing I will say it looks a little
smoother in the preview footage but I
don't know again the other opportunity
here is for you guys to say hey your
audio sounds like garbage or hey your
audio sounds great just let me know and
we'll get it all sorted out you know
let's try not to die as Kane on the
first floor I've played
and just being straight up with you here
I played pretty badly in the episode
since we've gone to a new save file it's
almost like my brain is like well you
don't have to play that well anymore
because you're you know dealing with the
easier version of the game maybe true
maybe not but check this out I got this
Elgato stream deck thing open I can
switch to the overlay I can switch it
back I can switch to the intro for the
NL SS which I'm not going to play right
now but just rest assured that I could
pretty cool huh I still need to get the
soundboard built into this thing so I
can play like you know he doesn't answer
you know I can play stuff like that when
things go wrong not because I think it
would be funny but because I think it
would be anti funny which is hilarious
anyway we're working on it will work
this is the one time I've ever wanted a
Skype message like as soon as I've
started an episode no Skype message
comes in it's a Sunday what's everybody
working
I don't think so there's no NFL football
on either where's the hey you know
here's what I got in my overwatch Golden
Boot box or something like that you
can't see but I do also have a button to
tell you to use your twitch Prime
subscriptions if you haven't used them
already I can just I can if I hit that
right now it just posted it in the
twitch shed
I didn't even have to be there it just
used the API one day the cat is going to
well one of the cats is going to step on
the buttons and it's going to send like
you know 25 messages within the space of
a single second I'm going to get like
globally banned for 24 hours but until
then it's a dream come true okay how's
this run going I mean it's actually
pretty good
I forgot actually I didn't turn a couple
of things on here so we want I don't
know what active cam is but we
definitely want extra HUD and bound HUD
I guess we could turn on charged bars as
well I've never used those before
originally I was like I'm not going to
turn on charge bars and I thought about
it and I was like why not what's what's
the benefit to not turning on charge
bars it allows me to stay in my little
stubborn hidey hole right let's see it's
a time for rebirth we got a new system
we got a new ability to span people to
use their twitch prime subscriptions
might as well try to work out some other
new optimizations in the process as well
but same game definitely same game mom's
perfume chad and i disagree on this
item.i well I mean we agreed for a while
I thought it was terrible and then I
realized it affects your tier delay and
I was like no it's really good and then
we were planted on the NL s s the other
day and Rob was like how's mom's perfume
and I was like oh it's pretty good and
Chad was like not sucks now I'm not
gonna try to Big Shot you and say that I
know you know more about at this point I
think I'm the I'm the guy who's been
working at the Isaac factory for like 50
years and a lot of you guys are like the
young pups that come in you got a
university education I went to the
school of hard knocks right so you're
like what are you just the couple the
manifold and then reverse the polarity
and you'll get 20% more efficiency and
I'm like dad just taught me to you know
shooted the enemy until it goes down but
eventually we've come to an
understanding with one another and
that's what's important so we do have a
double key room
aisle we roll my whole run bothers me
what bothers me very little is what I
mean to say just surprised that wasn't a
secret room but it does happen from time
to time two keys for a five room
absolutely I can't open that well save
our Temperance cards we've got five
cents we could get the temperance card
to give us a second blood bank on the
next floor and then we'll get more value
out of it mr. Megas appeared in the
basement like we've used
50 bombs or something like that I don't
remember I don't remember what unlocks
freaking anything in this game also holy
crap mr. mega is a is an on luck
slightly bigger bombs it's not like it's
a bad item just not really that bum
bastok but I guess that's a part of what
makes Isaac fun is that you're unlocking
things so regularly especially in the
early game and it's like I mean you got
it right it's the first brimstone run in
a new era we shouldn't have taken old
bandage and we were totally fine to take
old bandage actually because we wouldn't
have had the HP to take all three of
these we probably would have stayed away
from the Harbinger or whatever the heck
that item is called so we could die here
we should be careful about that we're
going to crack into this and that was a
you know well where the cost of doing
business but nothing much apart from
that this is okay this is it's better
than okay
we just have to be careful about our
survivability here okay so charge the
bars wow this is actually an extremely
positive UI change as always my
apologies a number of people were like
why don't you use charge bars and I
always just went I don't need them I
grew up without charge bars why would I
need them now turns out probably should
have taken advantage of them guppies
head is what we're going to use a long
term here ended up being pretty good
actually a secret room probably not but
you want to look regardless if you can't
quite go to that room and this is
actually like this by far the strongest
run we've had Butterbean has appeared in
the basement all right and realize
you've got so many unlocks for shooting
poops secret room perhaps indeed we
can't get into any other rooms yet other
no we can get into this one I don't
remember what this is though it's
another five room I mean I'll do it but
a little ridiculous I just want to
survive now or as good Charlotte would
say I just want to live two more spirit
arts we might get a deal with the devil
but I think I'm going to use these to go
to our curse room instead and try to
you know leverage our advantages we have
to pick up curse die at some point my
thinking is why not now of course we've
got nine lives I think this is a good
run to have it it's the way I see it at
least maybe not the best use of the
temperance cards are kind of a fun use
of the temperance card and you know what
we got another we got the ability to get
into the shop up there which should
allow us to get a key all we need is a
bomb but I'm fairly like overjoyed with
the way this run looks right now we've
got a lot of like 10 out of 10 items and
I'm sitting pretty dude I'm gonna do the
5 room again - I want to become guppy
before we leave this floor Wow mama mega
here we go again I'm just going to use
it because it's cheap and you know what
donate some more money here I don't know
probably got to get to like 25 cents
before you get anything else but why not
give it a shot right 20 cents gives us
the first store upgrade I guess and I
thought maybe we could cheese it that's
fine
it's going to be incremental progress
but progress nonetheless look at our
second secret room for free and it's
useless we may not be able to get to our
item room but that's alright we'll get
another one on the next floor probably
now the one thing I want to know is if
we don't get a deal with the devil here
do we have the benefit of not getting
one which sounds confusing but what I
mean is if we don't get a deal with the
devil which we didn't do we have a 67
percent chance of the next floor do we
go back to a 33% chance we just had a
subscription I apologize for that
previously I've never had I've never had
my subscribe my god we are goofy my
subscription overlay on OBS because I
used expletive stream but now there
might be you know what we could try to
like check this out okay I'm just going
to try it I'm going to press the twitch
Prime button
and I'm going to see if we get a
call-and-response here with a
subscription is it a scumbag technique
maybe but it would also be a great joke
so let's see if it works I press the
button we've sent out the siren call I'm
not paying that close attention to the
preview window so I might miss it you
got to let me know can't do anything
there come on it's a joke that
financially benefits me be a good sport
now it's a that was funny though I can I
can disable that for uh for videos which
I will do from this point onwards so
this is like a disgusting run I don't
know what we can accomplish on this run
but we should try to do everything
that's in our power even if it ends at
mom's heart we might be able to I can't
remember if you get the hush fight do we
choose to go into the chest after the
mom's heart fight or not we definitely
have the ability to do boss rush this
could be our first boss restaurant which
would be something you might want to use
our keys to open the golden chest I
think we'll still make boss I maybe got
brimstone guppy on the first freakin
floor so I'm very confident - despite
being one floor behind schedule we're
going to make boss rush that should be
like no problem whatsoever and you know
what it's nice because I don't feel bad
about the fact that we I think this is
the way you do it I don't feel bad about
the fact that we're so stacked on this
run because it's like we have a
reasonable excuse you know we're trying
to oh my lord
we're trying to get everything on lock
that we can see where we can so why
wouldn't we take every available
advantage this is the first time we've
ever had brimstone on the savefile in
this very unique permutation of
situation so you get the idea
sure I traded a key for a penny it's a
bad deal worst deal in the history of
deals and sometimes you trade a key for
like enemies that's way worse but this
is like the run is so easy I again I
sort of feel like why not just pick up
everything
it's like that Shakira song from
Zootopia try everything we might as well
pick up every item that we get because
we're going to need it at some point
anyway it's like you know when it came
to after birth or when it came to
rebirth I can't I think it was rebirth
one of my last items ever to get was the
dollar bill just because I'd condition
myself to never play slot machines
because they're almost never worth it
and was it a good idea yeah like almost
certainly but we could have also
increased our the rate at which we got
real platinum God by probably just
playing one of those before it became an
issue either way I can't bring up
Zootopia any we didn't make it this mean
by the way Society made this mean I saw
Zootopia with my wife in theaters three
months after it came out which is the
way that we see movies most of the time
I just saw guardians of the galaxy too
as we talked about I look forward in a
month and a half to seeing Wonder Woman
perhaps I'll even check out spider-man
in September that's just the way she
goes I didn't realize that by liking
this movie it meant that I wanted to
have intercourse with all these cartoon
animals here I was thinking it was a
heartwarming you know family film about
acceptance even when we're all different
from one another we've all got our own
different strengths and abilities and
that's you know part of what makes us
strong instead it turns out that I guess
just by enjoying the movie I want to
have intercourse with those cartoon
animals and that's on me I suppose I
don't know what it's like I don't know I
don't know how this got created but it's
the same thing I don't know why this
doesn't apply to other things because
and hear me out here because first off
there's not like there's anything wrong
with it I don't care you know whatever
you jo to and the privacy of your own
bedroom doesn't bother me in the least
however why is it that if you like
Zootopia everybody thinks you want to
sleep with the cartoon animals whereas
if you like you know Who Framed Roger
Rabbit everybody goes yeah it's a
classic piece of cinema
they're both good two great movies and
you know sure maybe one's better than
the other Who Framed Roger Rabbit might
be better than Zootopia but you're both
good
maybe I just spend too much time in the
Internet like if you talk to somebody in
the real world and you go
I like Zootopia they go oh me too is a
great movie nobody goes oh yeah me too
probably I don't know but the Internet
is real life these days man people are
spending more than half of their days on
the Internet people of my generation at
least oh my god I don't I don't know if
they stack but it's still worth it it's
the realest life which is a scary thing
but also like kind of cool you have an
actual like cyber world I don't know
where I'm going with this
because I was going to talk a little bit
about the cyber world what's funny when
you go back and look at dystopian like
cyberpunk movies is how they always are
like hey we're in the future of the you
know cyberpunk and all that yeah things
are real weird like reads people turn
poor people into food and then eat them
but then also almost every single
monitor still has like green on or green
text on black backgrounds it's like they
really thought that they had knocked it
out of the park so much with the user
interface they're like you can't get any
better than green text on black
background this as good as it gets
starring Jack Nicholson classic movie
turns out if you like it though sorry
you want to slobber on Jack Nicholson's
knob apparently that's how we like
movies in this day and age oh you like
Space Jam sorry
means you want to put it in Lola bunnies
but I didn't realize until now but
that's that's the era that we've created
but we're bordering on some you know I
think the lady doth protest too much
sort of territory here so let's let's
back away but hey it's a tangent hard to
come by lately
all right this is like so overpowered we
don't even talk about it
borderline at all here which is nice you
know to just be extremely confident here
a little bit off pace for Bob's rush but
we'll probably make it happen regardless
and we still have wishbone doing nothing
for us but maybe one day coming through
in the clutch like Luke Cage which I
have not seen yet skills me streamer
Luke Agee doesn't come in the clutch he
says I'm not going to lay in the cut no
more at least that's as I understand it
from what Robert has told me I haven't
seen that either
I don't watch I don't watch TV much
really it depends how much laundry I've
folded in in recent memory like I
haven't fully laundry in like five or
six days last time I folded laundry I
watched an episode of you've got to eat
here which I talked about in a very
recent eyes together soap and I do want
to point out one of the benefits of
living in a major city at least within
Canada is when you watch diners
drive-ins and dives the Canadian version
aka you got to eat here there's probably
like a 20 percent chance not a
restaurant you've been to necessarily
but a 20 percent chance at a restaurant
in your city is going to be on there
like I watched an episode when I was
folding laundry and there's a restaurant
called yokes it's like an egg-based
brunch place and I was like I've seen
that place there's always a lineup but
is there a line up because it's good or
is it a lineup because you got to eat
here I mean I don't know how many bits I
can do about you got to eat here as well
it's getting a little ridiculous but I
find the name of the show very
presumptuous what about and consider
eating here this is a good place to eat
something you got to eat here you got 48
seasons of episodes that's like more
meals than I've consumed
since I've been able to eat there you
know they're trying not to break the
bank too much eating out at yolks every
day is getting you know goat cheese eggs
benedict with you know real Canadian
maple syrup on top that's expensive
everyone when they come to Canada hey
we're not everybody but a lot of people
when they come to Canada we're like are
you gonna get like souvenirs and they're
like yeah I was thinking I would buy
some maple syrup and take it back and
we're going to stop it's - it's like you
know $20 a litre for real maple syrup
here now I always go I thought it would
be cheap and I know so we're always like
why is maple syrup so expensive I guess
like the fact that it grows in a tree
for a whole year and then you know you
just kind of take it all out and drizzle
it on pancakes some supply and demand
but also like how many litres of syrup
that you get from one maple tree I got
no idea well if you can't donate we
might as well just bounce here
I'm trying to think of like other
examples that make sense but maple syrup
is a common misconception not cheap in
Canada same thing like we live I have
got the perfect example we live in
Vancouver if you haven't seen Vancouver
on a map it borders the Pacific Ocean on
like three sides basically and it's next
to like a major straight and a large
river I know what you're saying seafoods
got to be cheap they're not Sun it's
like still real expensive I still will
never willfully buy like crab from a
grocery store first off because I don't
trust myself to cook it properly but
secondly I I thought when I moved out
here I was like fish is going to be like
they're just going to be giving it away
still like really expensive it's like
the freezing and putting it on a truck
shipping it's Ontario and then flying it
back out to justify the cost or
something so there's always people go
like you know not always but they go hey
do you like smoked salmon smoked salmon
is like a very Vancouver e common thing
smoked in candied salmon I say yeah if
I'm at a buffet that has smoked salmon
I'm eating a lot of smoked salmon
I will eat as much smoked salmon as I
can before they say sir you've hit the
limit on smoked salmon you're going to
get leg zinc poisoning or something one
of the great scourge ha's of our modern
day era
I've never buying smoked salmon for
myself are you out of your mind just
keep eating ham sandwiches on Wonder
Bread that's the same price across the
whole nation
I'm not going to yeah we should say
we're going to kill everything so
quickly anyway we've unlocked Krampus oh
it's in a new era alright we're going to
do boss fresh I don't know maybe I think
this does work but it might really slow
down our rate of fire do you think boss
rush is going to be shorter because we
have less bosses on lock's I really
doubt it
I would like that to be the case but I
would be very very surprised we're only
getting one charge from boss rush now -
they must have unfortunately fixed it I
was really enjoying getting double the
active item effects that we normally
would but seriously this is like a
platinum god run on a mom's heart save
file what it what is sir mix-a-lot say
by Brooklyn face but in Oakland booty
that's what we had going on here I don't
know what that means
Brooklyn face but in Oakland booty I
think I would take offense if I live in
Oakland it's like yeah your girls have
good butts but for some reason they're
not quite as attractive as women from
this one particular borough in New York
City and sir mix-a-lot you're from
you're from Seattle
you couldn't just you couldn't just use
like Pacific Northwest landmarks
maybe you know don't poop where you eat
that's what they say especially if your
songs about butts you're like just
asking for it at that point I think I
think sir mix-a-lot from Seattle you
know we got a lot of pride for the
Pacific Northwest music scene up here
and by that I mean we take credit in
Vancouver for being close to Seattle
where a lot of grunge music and hip-hop
happened that's what music does it
happens and then it's gone there's a
gente de rock we played a little better
on this run but it's also really easy to
play better when you have the easiest
runs of all time happening by the way I
haven't even looked to see if the
postive notes actually getting filled in
I'm just kind of assuming that it is and
if it's not well we're setting ourselves
back a little bit but we're certainly
unlocking things like we're not just
ending the run and mom every time that's
fun little baggie gives us fun I think
no just we picked up enough syringes but
just off-kilter enough to be like
confused we did kill mom's heart I think
for the first time in the last episode
so we might get access to to the hush
fight and at this point if I ever get
the chance to do hush if I ever get the
chance to do delirium I'm going to do
them just to spice things up because
admittedly a run that ends in moms heart
is not the most exciting run in Isaac
history most of the time not Krampus
live a little take this take this go for
broke here we got to guarantee deal with
the devil at the end of the next floor
we might get cathedral access I don't
know I don't remember how to and this is
not a joke
I don't remember how to unlock almost
anything related to progress in Isaac we
just kind of we got it once and I was
like I'm set
I don't need I've got tenure I don't
need to worry about this anymore now I
wouldn't say I need to worry about it
but you know just keep that in mind if
you ever want me to know something about
Isaac that seems pertinent now I'm being
serious here yell at me on Twitter
I'm good for the most part and filtering
out productive yelling from unproductive
yelling so I appreciate all that was bad
I appreciate when people you know
message me and go like hey you it seems
like you would want to know this don't
ever feel badly about that unless it
becomes absurd okay so I'm going to try
to never walk into a red poop again
we've actually created we left the
spirit out back there but I think we'll
be fine especially with all the red
hearts were getting anyway we've
actually created curse of the tower
unlike five rooms on this floor which is
very embarrassing for me I don't care
about permanent polaroid invincibility
because we don't have the polaroid so
that's like essentially completely
irrelevant to a clubs to our hearts I
thought that would give us all heart
there to be honest
so we're just looking for r.i.p now I
suppose we could explore the entire
floor by don't know what we'd be looking
for that unlocks things because I don't
know what unlocks things I thought we
established this okay I walk right into
the enemy's smart play so it's just
going to take me out I'll tell you what
oh no it's not we're going to get a
bonus play here what I was actually
thinking is we would go back and explore
and look for a self-sacrifice room but
dude let's try this out maybe we'll get
some serious on locks here now there
should be no way for us to get to the
void floor I think that we're screwed in
that department and also this run is
like a huge candidate for highway
blindness because it's oh so strong so
there's like a great incentive for me to
like go get a snack after this episode
and forget that we're dealing so much
damage because the next episode is
unlikely to be as strong as this one
dude I just realize we got to unlock the
lost and the keeper again if you got so
much greed mode stuff to do like a month
of greed mode at one episode a day it's
going to be a well you know what it's
nice it's a long-term project I kind of
see this as my like you know Far Lands
or bust or something like that you know
the series where that dude was walking
across all of Minecraft to try to reach
the point at which the world ends
I don't know whatever happened there
mostly because I saw his task as so
gargantuan and I was like I can't watch
this I'll watch the last episode no
doubt about it and then yeah I don't
regret any buddy spent their time
watching the other ones but like do this
kid literally the whole crux of this is
that the task is going to take a long
time how did we get a demon isn't there
a there an unlock for having 12 spirit
hearts to be already get that can't
remember we probably won't be able to
just create it out of thin air but there
is a chance we get enough red hearts I
mean even that might be one payout right
there we have gimpy so I guess you'd be
expecting a a lot of chances here gallon
for me doesn't have length is this like
a nerfed version feel like I'm losing my
mind maybe if I hadn't taken like 20
hits I had no reason to take we wouldn't
find ourselves in such a weird situation
I'm looking for a self-sacrifice room
which we did not find I don't even know
if they exist at this stage in our Isaac
you know save file but a fun run
nonetheless nay a very fun run
nonetheless I had a good time on this
one we got up to some good top of some
conversation I think come on dude you
got me
all right we tried um we unlocked a
bunch of stuff and we just skipped the
ending that I should have looked at but
we can do that again we have to fight
Satan 30 times anyway we unlock Judas we
unlike the catacombs the ace of clubs
all we started to fill in the posted
there the the main screen I still don't
know why this has nothing was it because
I used the Bible to kill mom we got
other stuff on locked here anyway we got
as AIDS will we get Lazarus we got eaten
we should do an Eden run next just for
old times sake
how did you enjoy the episode if you
liked it click the like button else we
had a great deal and of course
subscribes you want to see more in the
future let me know how you felt about
the episode quality from an audio-visual
standpoint because this is on a new PC
but for now thanks for watching hope
you've enjoyed the episode and I will
see you next time